weight:  12	nodoF: hidrogenio
weight:  ->	nodoF: 1
weight2:  aquatronium	nodoI: 
weight2:  10	nodoI: hidrogenio
weight2:  4	nodoI: hidrogenio
weight2:  6	nodoI: hidrogenio
weight2:  1	nodoI: hidrogenio
weight2:  2	nodoI: hidrogenio
weight2:  13	nodoI: hidrogenio
weight2:  8	nodoI: hidrogenio
weight2:  10	nodoI: hidrogenio
weight2:  12	nodoI: hidrogenio
weight2:  18	nodoI: hidrogenio
weight2:  19	nodoI: hidrogenio
weight2:  10	nodoI: hidrogenio
weight2:  4	nodoI: hidrogenio
weight2:  7	nodoI: hidrogenio
weight2:  20	nodoI: hidrogenio
weight2:  1	nodoI: hidrogenio
weight2:  6	nodoI: hidrogenio
weight2:  9	nodoI: hidrogenio
weight2:  3	nodoI: hidrogenio
weight2:  7	nodoI: hidrogenio
weight2:  7	nodoI: hidrogenio
weight2:  8	nodoI: hidrogenio
weight2:  15	nodoI: hidrogenio
weight2:  4	nodoI: hidrogenio
weight2:  17	nodoI: hidrogenio
weight2:  20	nodoI: hidrogenio
weight2:  4	nodoI: hidrogenio
weight2:  14	nodoI: hidrogenio
weight2:  8	nodoI: hidrogenio
weight2:  11	nodoI: hidrogenio
weight2:  7	nodoI: hidrogenio
weight2:  13	nodoI: hidrogenio
weight2:  4	nodoI: hidrogenio
weight2:  14	nodoI: hidrogenio
weight2:  16	nodoI: hidrogenio
weight2:  6	nodoI: hidrogenio
weight2:  10	nodoI: hidrogenio
weight2:  1	nodoI: hidrogenio
weight2:  11	nodoI: hidrogenio
weight2:  17	nodoI: hidrogenio
weight2:  5	nodoI: hidrogenio
weight2:  18	nodoI: hidrogenio
weight2:  4	nodoI: hidrogenio
weight2:  14	nodoI: hidrogenio
weight2:  16	nodoI: hidrogenio
weight2:  14	nodoI: hidrogenio
weight2:  4	nodoI: hidrogenio
weight2:  7	nodoI: hidrogenio
weight2:  1	nodoI: hidrogenio
weight2:  12	nodoI: weasleyium
weight2:  10	nodoI: bioquarkium
weight2:  10	nodoI: estroncio
weight2:  18	nodoI: aquatronium
weight2:  6	nodoI: arcanite
weight2:  11	nodoI: xenomatter
